in the real world which is really good
we have now arrived in Corfu and I'm
sorry for not having vlog since the
plane but we're in the villa now and it
is so lovely oh my goodness so I got the
twin room there are three bedrooms are
there two like master bedrooms with
double beds which my parents and my
sister have taken and then I asked for
this for the twin room instead because I
quite like single beds
I have unpacked and now I'm gonna give
you a tour of the bedroom this is an
overview of the bedroom so first of all
on this bedside cabinet I've just put my
charges in here and that's quite messy
and then we've got the wardrobe so I've
just hung up all of my dresses this side
of my jumpers here and then I've got my
rucksack and my sins ziploc bag of my
laptop case and my packing cubes then
down at the bottom I've got my scarf and
then I've got two pairs of shoes and
I've got underwear in here hair
accessories and my hat then I've got my
shorts and skirts my trousers and then
these are tops and then up here I've got
swimwear and night Wow
then down here I put my slippers and
there's this really cool Cuban I guess
you could use it for storage but I'm not
using it for storage then they've put my
laptop on the desk and this is the desk
it's so lovely it's a dressing table
really and there's a panda speaker and
this is a candle holder so I'm
definitely gonna be lighting that
another tissue books tissue box holder
as well
here is my pencil case and then these
are some I make my bullet journal a list
book my chemistry workbook and my study
planner which is this one and and at the
back I've got a kind of plain paper and
also some waxes and chemistry options
then here are the beds and they are so
lovely I've decided to sleep on this one
because it's closer to the window so
there's a lovely roughly cover and then
here our towels and a sprig of lavender
I think it's lavender my rabbit software
rabbit here called snowdrop and then
here is the other that's a table so in
the top it's a bit messy actually again
so I've got my miscellaneous bits here
like headphones and my fidget cube and
headphone splitters and a reading light
and then here is Harrison toiletries
it's just a lip balm I've had sometimes
my hand cream and I've got my phone and
then I've got my glasses and my
sunglasses and then down here I have got
a pile of books I this is an anthology
by cliff Yeats good Frank Freeman's
dancing school and he was actually a
cheater of my mum we went to of on then
I've got Brian kegs in fright science my
Kindle and my Nintendo yes because I
never use it and I thought we might
actually use it if I bought you away
with me this is the bathroom beautiful
bathroom and they they left out the
owners left these two little bags with I
think this one's hanging cream in this
one so and then here are my toiletries
so I've got my toothbrush I put my
jewelry in the sake - contacts up hair
and then my makeup is in here there are
low the tissues and cotton wool buns and
there's the toilet and some shampoo and
things so so all in all it's a really
lovely hotel room and now we're going to
go swimming before eating something so
is Jesus in costume and I think I'll
wear my favorite this one zombie
I had a lovely afternoon reading by the
pool and also going swimming and I've
just had a shower now and I've changed
into this jumpsuit um I got it when we
were in America and I haven't really
wanted very much so I decided to bring
it with me so that I would actually get
run to wearing it I'm trying to upload a
video which I've been trying got leaves
the last week I put it up last Saturday
now it's Friday and it's been uploading
solidly since then and it's on 84% I've
written up a little to-do list so we're
going for dinner in whoever didn't know
in like 10 minutes actually like my own
computer still in British time but one
thing I do want to do before that before
we leave is just go through my acids
bases and buffers chemistry Quizlet yes
I did decide to pin my friend back today
because my hair silhouette and I put a
big bow in the back if you can see we're
heading off for dinner now and I love
Greek food so I'm really preferred to
finding somewhere to eat and I have done
my Quizlet that is it though I feel like
I haven't been majorly productive but
I've gone on my Goodreads and I've done
a few updates on there and when I get
back from dinner I'm going to do some
calculations practice find a passage to
analyze for tomorrow read the last book
in the Sherlock Holmes memos of Sherlock
Holmes and then just take some notes
from Marcello in the real world which I
finished today
marvelous novel I've been taking some
notes from my book that I recently read
and now I'm just going to transfer a
book from my computer onto my Kindle
it's nine-thirty so I'm gonna get into
bed soon and read
some of the picture Dorian Gray I've
only read the first few pages but I love
it so far I cannot believe I found the
whole of my life without having read it
I really hope you enjoyed watching this
vlog and thank you for watching and have
a productive week